c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe.config
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.pdb
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.g.resources
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD_Armorer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe
c:\users\huvok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KCD Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.pdb
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe.config
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\bin\Debug\KCD Armorer.pdb
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.g.resources
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD_Armorer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.exe
C:\Users\Huvok\Documents\GitHub\KCD-Armorer\KCD Armorer\obj\Debug\KCD Armorer.pdb
